what is up everybody today we are back
on minecraft and today I have another
super super cool glitch for you guys and
this one is actually the x-ray glitch
now in past versions of Minecraft on the
console there have been a ton of
different x-ray glitches and this is
probably the simplest one thus far so
literally all you have to do for the
extra glitch to work is you just want to
find wherever you want to x-ray the land
and dig a hole down into the ground of
me I don't know however deep you want to
go however do you think the caves are
going to be and get the best view of the
world and then all you need to do is go
ahead and grab yourself a fence post as
well as a block of redstone OOP not a
redstone torch but a block of redstone
dig one hole over here in the side place
your friends post place your block of
redstone and Wham now you can see all
kinds of good stuff so you can see right
over there there's a lava pool obviously
if you and you had your gamma up a
little bit higher than I do you could
probably see a little bit more clearly
but you can see here obviously now you
can just see all around underground you
can see all the different cave systems
and you can see you know where different
ores are if you look close enough like
if I look close enough you can probably
see some ores down there around the lava
and it's just a super super useful
glitch for mining and doing different
things now obviously if you wanted to
see in a different location since this
is just so simple all you have to do is
like I said dig down wham right here
right there right there and now you can
get yet another perspective of from the
x-ray glitch right so now we can see
that the lava pool is right over there
to my right side as opposed to below me
you can see even more cave systems and
you can just use this in all kinds of
different ways in your world so this was
just a super super simple x-ray glitch
that I thought you guys might really
appreciate might be able to use
especially in your survival world
because the resources that it takes are
so easy to come by and so simple to do
you could just you know as your mining
along pop up the x-ray glitch see where
you need to keep going and you will be
good to go so I want to bring you guys
this video just to you know like I said
make your guys's life a little bit
easier so anyway I think that's about it
for this glitch if you guys did enjoy
this video please do feel free to drop
me a like down below and subscribe
possible minecraft console content in
the future and I have a couple more
glitches coming up so make sure you guys
stick around for those you guys are not
already subscribed and I would just like
to say I really do appreciate you guys
coming out to watch this video and I
hope you guys are all having a great day
and I will see all of you guys later bye